Ning Yuanyan
It seems that your old lover has been waiting for you for a long time
What nonsense are you talking about?
Why is Qin Hongxing also your old lover?
Why are you so popular?
Comrade Li Yan
Didn't I tell you?
Don't come to me if you're okay.
It doesn't affect you and me well.
Comrade Li Yan
The brigade has mutual letters
Maybe it was given by your big brother.
Why didn't you give it to me earlier?
First arrived yesterday afternoon
I'm here today to hand over work with the village
By the way, I'll give you the letter to say goodbye to you.
Goodbye
Yes
The recruitment team of Saving College recommended me
I also passed
The accident will be reported to the school next week
Yes, it was about this time in a previous life.
Li Yan was recommended for admission
It seems his trajectory hasn't changed much
It's just that I'm not involved anymore
What's the matter
Pretty good. Hmm.
I'm going to high school soon
that
Wish us all the best
Bright future